it's time to open the Pawnee Wonderland
is now open
I like it when the ideas come from you
know that I'm talking about operation
look you look is it go honey if you see
my cell phone where did your model go I
don't play that anymore
get back here
seriously
[Music]
welcome to the park have a nice day how
is this possible hello my name is Steve
I know who you are you know who we are
my mom and I invented this place and
somehow you came to life
we're alive what happened here the
darkness happened it brought an army of
chimpanzees but sorry no tea it's time
to bring the park back to light who's
with me
Oh with you oh no he's allergic to
voluntary
backing up such a woman those
come-hither tusks like the wheels right
oh this is for birdie
[Music]
well that didn't work out at least we
got dinner
[Music]